<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>TelFOSS Annoncement</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<style type="text/css">
</style>
</head>
<body>

<p>
The <a href="http://www.cs.tau.ac.il/telux/">Tel Aviv Open Source Club</a> 
will host <a href="http://wiki.osdc.org.il/index.php/Tel_Aviv_Meeting_on_17_January_2010">the talk "Moose, the Perl OOP System" for beginners</a> by
Yaron Meiry (Sawyer) on 
Sunday, 17-January-2009,  at 18:00 (note the change of time since last
year) in Tel Aviv University, Holcblat Hall No. 007 in the corridor of the
exact sciences building (note the change of place from last year). Further
details, maps for arrival, etc. can be found on 
<a href="http://www.cs.tau.ac.il/telux/">the web-site</a>
<a href="http://wiki.osdc.org.il/index.php/Tel_Aviv_Meeting_on_17_January_2010">and in the Wiki</a>.
</p>

<p>
Attendance is free, it is not necessary to RSVP and everyone are welcome.
</p>

<p>
With any other problems, feel free to <a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/me/contact-me/">contact the organiser</a>.
</p>

<p><b>Abstract</b></p>

<p>
<a href="http://moose.perl.org/">Moose</a> is a post-modern Object-Oriented
Programming system for Perl 5. It was written since its originator (Stevan
Little) was jealous of the capabilities that Perl 6 provided in regards to OOP,
and so instead of switching to Ruby, he worked on developing a similar system
for Perl 5. Moose drew inspiration from the Object Oriented Programming
capabilities of many languages such as Perl 6, Smalltalk, Common Lisp (CLOS),
Ruby, Java, OCaml and other languages, while remaining faithful to its Perl 5
roots.
</p>

<p><b>About the Lecturer</b></p>

<p>
Yaron Meiry is a systems' administrator and a Perl developer. He gives talks
about open source, free software, security and programming standards. Yaron
has previousl given the 
<a href="http://wiki.osdc.org.il/index.php/Tel_Aviv_Meeting_on_28_June_2009">presentation
    about red flags in programming of very high languages</a> in
the Tel Aviv Club.
</p>

<p>
We are always looking for people who will volunteer to give presentations on
various topic that are related to open source code and to computers. In case
you are interested to give a talk, or that you have a suggestion for a talk
that interests you, we'll be happy to hear from you.
</p>

</body>
</html>
