<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>TelFOSS Annoncement</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<style type="text/css">
</style>
</head>
<body>

<p>
The <a href="http://tel.foss.org.il/">Tel Aviv Open Source Club</a>
will host
<a href="http://wiki.osdc.org.il/index.php/Tel_Aviv_Meeting_on_21_April_2010">the
    talk "Version Control Systems - What, Why and How"</a> by
Yaron Meiry (Sawyer) on Wednesday, 21-April-2010, at 19:00 in
<a href="http://www.shenkar.ac.il/">Shenkar College in Ramat Gan (12 Ann
    Frank St.)</a> room 300 (<b>note</b> the change of time and place from the
previous meetings - we are now meeting in Shenkar college and on 19:00.).
There's
<a href="http://www.shenkar.ac.il/template/default.aspx?maincat=5&amp;catid=32">a
    map with directions on the Shenkar college's site</a>.
Further details, maps for arrival, etc. can be found
<a href="http://wiki.osdc.org.il/index.php/Tel_Aviv_Meeting_on_21_April_2010">on the Wiki</a>.
</p>

<p>
Attendance is free, it is not necessary to RSVP and everyone are welcome.
</p>

<p>
With any other problems, feel free to <a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/me/contact-me/">contact the organiser</a>.
</p>

<p><b>Abstract</b></p>

<p>
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revision_control">Version
    control systems</a> allow us to keep track of an unlimited amount of
changes across any number of files. They are an essential tool for any
developer.
</p>

<p>
Using version control systems can help you restore lost data, examine
the differences between between multiple versions of your data, tag versions
and access them quickly, simplify cooperation with your peers, easily merge
changes, and maintain several branches of your data at once.
</p>

<p>
This presentation will explain what version control systems are, why you should
use them (even if you think you shouldn't) and how you should use them. Most
examples will be given using the
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_%28software%29">open-source version
    control system Git</a>.
</p>

<p><b>About the Lecturer</b></p>

<p>
Yaron Meiry is a systems' administrator and a Perl developer. He gives talks
about open source, free software, security and programming standards. Yaron
has previously given the
<a href="http://wiki.osdc.org.il/index.php/Tel_Aviv_Meeting_on_28_June_2009">presentation
    about red flags in programming of very high languages</a> in
the Tel Aviv Club and a presentation about
<a href="http://moose.perl.org/">Moose, the modern Perl 5 Object System</a>
to TelFOSS and several other clubs.
</p>

<hr />

<p>
We are always looking for people who will volunteer to give presentations on
various topics that are related to open source code and to computers. In case
you are interested to give a talk, or that you have a suggestion for a talk
that interests you, we'll be happy to hear from you.
</p>

</body>
</html>
